finish
Half of the population
if someone came from we inhabit an urban world of asphalt and brick
built in several heights and its verticality the vegetation of denunciations
raised represent the only black spots
and besides ornamental plants they will cultivate other nationalities being
in 2002 and human
vinyl and digital never so much light and they will take advantage of all these spaces
private to produce fruits and vegetables and we would have to guarantee the good part
of our pantry with quality products of the same
generation there may be between a
urban garden and for example this phone the new technology that
they are increasingly integrated into the city
well nothing
and that the city but also computer
those of leonardo madelón two years has developed an application that helps
who want to start in the urban garden more than all this offers
information that, despite being merely indicative, is very
practice a wasteland
we can load the strength the commonwealth
we look for tomato we already have her and we have all the information of the
calendar type of planting tomato type in light you need the uaem
First
we also have
8 percent information about seed me kind of container where I can
sow the depth of sowing in order the entire range of information
between seed to maintain also
something very important that are substrates we have a series of substrates
and of sound mixes but it had the same
we also have the possibility to add tasks with an alarm
that warns us if we have to water if we have cut well done with you
that's why senior citizens
diana mother or the dead fetus 100 experience utility says that its
wife as astigitana gardener the information they have found in forums
books like stiletto or silva
the application can be downloaded through itunes was directed
we have seven meters high the germ of the computer application that
particular laboratory
this is cauliflower 3
so he kills every hour to be played
instead of police
they are very devout very devouring very hungry
then with turned macedo
we could
use we go to the pest session
We looked for the symptoms in this case well
has a search system according to the symptom tdt the plague
and in this case the symptom is the bitten leaf I'm still not saying that
the caterpillar and how can we eliminate it how that takes to be
computerized gardener
what will it look like a mix a little bit the weird
reading it
ee why valero helps relax
above all I like to emphasize that these points of a quarter of my wife
has been inculcating and I will always thank them
because he is always good for relaxation
they say there's nothing like having a garden to be quiet
min
as a biological soloist
that situation is achieved with dedication
and with good management of legal resources
finish